Clever's Moveset Modpack
Endorsements
1,139
Unique DLs
54,293
Total DLs
83,380
Total views
432,345
Version
13.0
ADD MEDIA
TRACK
ENDORSE
VOTE
Download
MANUAL
Last updated
01 February 2023414AM
Original upload
25 July 2022534PM
Created by
Clever
Uploaded by
clevererraptor6
Virus scan
Safe to use
Tags for this mod
GAMEPLAY
ANIMATION - MODIFIED
 TAG THIS MOD
DESCRIPTION
FILES 1
IMAGES 3
VIDEOS 17
ARTICLES 2
POSTS 611
BUGS 22
LOGS
STATS
About this mod
You last downloaded a file from this mod on 19 Mar 2023
(WORKS ON 1.08.1) A moveset modpack containing mods created by me. Vengeance and Glory, Masterworked Starscourge Greatswords, Storm Demon, Thunderclap and Flash, Voidwalker Blade, Frenzied Reaper, Earthbending, Marais Dancing Blade, Lightblades, Deathborne Odachi, Airbending, Martial Arts, Firebending, God-Slaying Nagamaki, and much more!

REPORT ABUSE
SHARE
Requirements
Permissions and credits


Update 13.0 Operation Health
ADDED Vengeance and Glory - Paladin Moveset
REMOVED Morgott's Holy Armaments (Replaced by V&G)
Cleaned up the mod's files to remove any leftovers from old Elden Ring patches - this removes all the weird green rows from the regulation.bin, and makes it MUCH! easier to merge )
This also incorporates some buffs that Fromsoft did in the colosseum update. 
This also fixes some old bugsweirdness, like with Ranni's grace not being usable. 

Thunderclap and Flash now passes straight through enemies while bursting through them - this feels a ton better than before
Fixed icon for Deathborne Odachi

Updated names for the following weapons and skills, they now match the names of their mods
Thunderclap and Flash
Frenzied Reaper + Maddened Immolation
Deathborne Odachi + Deathborne Transfer
Lightning Generation (Firebending)
Draconic Slam (Dragon Greatclaw)
Hunter's Stance (Marais Executioner's Sword)

Draconic Nuke Ash of War can now be slotted into most melee weapons
Lavabending Ash of War can now be slotted into all melee weapons
Hunter's Stance Ash of War can now be slotted into all melee weapons
Thunderclap and Flash Ash of War can now be slotted into all melee weapons
Airwalking Ash of War can now be slotted into all weapons 

Thank you for all the support!!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This modpack contains

Vengeance and Glory
﻿

Masterworked Starscourge Greatswords


Storm Demon


Thunderclap and Flash


Voidwalker Meteoric Ore Blade


Frenzied Reaper
﻿

Earthbending


Marais Dancing Blade


Lightblades


Deathborne Odachi


Airbending


Martial Arts


Firebending


﻿God-Slaying Nagamaki


Awakened Dragon Greatclaw


Shatterstar Cannon


Interior Ministry Katana Moveset


Timed Block Parry


Videos for all these are on my youtube channel clevererraptor6

Join my discord if you want to discuss this mod, or any of my other mods httpsdiscord.ggg58uzuvmep

If you'd like to support the creation of these mods, donate here httpsko-fi.comclevererraptor6
I will never put any of my content behind a paywall )﻿

Weapon Locations
Vengeance and Glory replaced the Inseparable Sword
Storm Demon replaced the Wakizashi 
Thunderclap and Flash replaced the Storm Blade Ash of War
Voidwalker Blade replaced the Unsheathe Ash of War
Frenzied Reaper replaced the regular Scythe
Earthbending replaced the Spiked Caestus
Lavasurfing replaced the Prelate's Charge Ash of War
All the Lightblades can be bought at the Twin Maiden Husks in the Roundtable Hold. 
Deathborne Odachi replaced the Gargoyle's Blackblade greatsword
Airbending replaced the regular Twinblade
Airwalk replaced the Lightning Ram Ash of War
Martial Arts replaced the Caestus
Firebending replaced the Katar
God-Slaying Nagamaki can be found in Kale's shop
Shatterstar Cannon replaced Glintstone Staff

Some of these weapons have extra mechanics that aren't immediately obvious. I highly suggest visiting each mod's page and checking out what's special about each of them.

To Install
1.
Download Mod Engine 2 here httpsgithub.comsoulsmodsModEngine2releases
Click Assets, then download the top .zip file.
Extract the contents of the .zip onto your PC. 

2.
Download the mod and extract the contents of the zip file into the mod folder in the same directory as the modengine2_launcher.exe.
Click launchmod_eldenring.bat to launch the game.
3.
Weapon locations are in the description, just scroll up a bit. Have fun! 

Alternate Install with Elden Ring Reforged

If you want to use this mod with Elden Ring Reforged, I highly suggest using the Unalloyed automatic merge tool, which is a great way to merge the two together, along with Seamless Coop and more.

Unfortunately I cannot offer tech support to people using Unalloyed as merges are bound to cause issues that I cannot fix. 

Link Elden Ring Unalloyed

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulation.bin merging How to merge regulation.bin files with DSMapStudio
c0000.anibnd.dcx merging How to merge c0000.anibnd.dcx files with Yabber

Each mod's specific merge information can be found on their pages. Overall, here are the edited regulation.bin params
﻿AtkParam_Pc﻿
BehaviorParam_PC
Bullet
EquipParamGem
EquipParamWeapon
Magic
ShopLineupParam
SpEffectParam
SpEffectVfxParam
WepAbsorpPosParam

Notes
My Superbuffed Moonveil mod is not included as it directly conflicts with Interior Ministry Katana Moveset.
My Icefrayed Blade mod is not included as it directly conflicts with Voidwalker Meteoric Ore Blade. (It's in my Invasions mod!)
My Morgott's Holy Armaments mod is not included as it directly conflicts with Vengeance and Glory. (It's in my Invasions mod!)
