https://www.nexusmods.com/eldenring/mods/2769


Ranni Edition 2 - Age of the Stars
Endorsements
140
Unique DLs
3,765
Total DLs
6,273
Total views
63,803
Version
1.0
ADD MEDIA
TRACK
ENDORSE
VOTE
Download
MANUAL
Last updated
22 February 20231208PM
Original upload
23 January 2023710AM
Created by
XenonBerzerk
Uploaded by
VolkMods
Virus scan
Some manually verified files
Tags for this mod
REPLACER
MODELSMESHES
TEXTURES
NUDITY
SEXYSKIMPY
USER INTERFACE
SEXUALISED CONTENT
 TAG THIS MOD
DESCRIPTION
FILES 9
IMAGES 8
VIDEOS 0
DOCS
POSTS 82
BUGS 0
LOGS
About this mod
You last downloaded a file from this mod on 02 Apr 2023
This mod includes a new and better crafted Ranni Edition + Goth Ranni and more. (NSFW)

REPORT ABUSE
SHARE
Permissions and credits
Changelogs
﻿﻿
Lunar Goth Princess Ranni is backeth and thy lady's quite quaint D


﻿
The new Ranni Edition 2 - Age of the stars is a makeover of my first Ranni Edition﻿﻿, but in this version as well as the skimpier and better crafted images, the entire hud is also customized and together there are also the new images of the relative loading screens, on on top of all this, it contains part of the wonderful gothic themed texture replacements for some characters, by now only Ranni﻿, Blaidd﻿, Melina﻿ (and and a Malenia currently present only in this mod) but maybe more characters will be added in the future,
thanks to the beautiful work of Lordcobra12.﻿

(I had his permission to use his files, but obviously, if you want the individual versions of these mods visit his page, also because they are beautiful works)



There's a standalone version of this mod in the files tab that does not change anything to the characters but only to the game interface.





FEATURES

List of replaced or edited imagesinterface elements

Bandai logo screen
From Software logo screen
Main Menu image
Adjust brightness option little images (the ones that help you adjust brightness in-game)
UI elements like the health bar frame, object frames and such
Menus Page lateral images (You can bring it up by pressing the ESC key for PC, Options for PS, & Menu for Xbox)
Inventory background
Switched version of the inventory (The compact option﻿ that appears pressing R for Xbox, R3 for PS, dunno on PC)
Object background (The smaller square where you can see zoomed-in objects above details such as their loredescription)
Status menu background
Clock frame and internal image that shows daynight cycle
Custom map markers and waypoints
24 new loading screens
New autosave icon
A little easter egg in one of the previous things that I hope someone will find )

I’ve also provided a custom icon file in the Optional section of the files tab in case you’d like to make a pretty desktop shortcut.


Gothic texture replacements by Lordcobra12

Goth Ranni ﻿﻿
﻿- New body models. The vanilla ones were replaced by TheSinkingHole's Sexy Empyrean models.
﻿- Eyes makeup and llipstick added.
﻿- Clothes are totally new (in this mod there's the spicy version of Goth Ranni)
﻿- This updated version also has a darker hat (the original mod will be updated soon)

Goth Blaidd﻿
﻿- New fur color.
﻿- Darker armor
﻿- Darker sword.

Goth Melina﻿﻿
﻿- New hair color.
﻿- Lipstick added.
﻿- Darkened a bit her knife.

Goth Malenia﻿ (currently present only in this mod)
﻿- To make her look more alive Lorcobra12 made her skin is pale instead of gray.
﻿- He tried to hide the rot of her arms and body so she is not gross
﻿- Nails are black
﻿﻿- 2nd phase butterflies are red





INSTALLATION

UXM Download and unpack my mod, then past my menu and chr folders into yours.
or
ModEngine2 Unpack the downloaded mod archive into mod folder like you would for any other mod.


NOTES

1. I'll do only the NSFW version of this mod (nothing conceivable as actual porn)
because in my old Ranni mods the download difference ratio between NSFW and SFW is 101,
so for now I won't put any more effort for a less succinct version. (at least I'm honest about it lol)



2. The whole file that stores the TPF texture files for the loading screens have 1.10 GB.
My changes to them are 206 MB, but because of game file structure, they should be embedded into this huge package.

In the Optional Files there's an archive with only modified TPF files and below is a video guide done by ZLOHORT about how to inject them without downloading the whole mod. 
Here is that guide on GDrive
httpsdrive.google.comfiled1xZWv9baBaqrjIIaJPv1igFBzSPpx2PeGviewusp=sharing
At the end of the video you will have exactly the same files for the loading screens from Main Files of this mod.
Install it as usual, like as you dowloaded them from this page.

For these steps you will need
UXM Selective Unpacker to decompress the game main files
and Yabber+ to repack the bhdbdt files.
The Yabber recognizes only the 00_solo.tpfbhd file which is the header of the second big file. So repack only it like in the video.
Actually by achieving these steps you will become able to create you own UI replacers. Just drag&drop the .tpf files into Yabber and the file will unpack. Inside the unpacked folder you will find the .dds texture image.
Edit them using Photoshop with a DDS plug-in or in paintgimp if they support DDS editing.
Repack back the tpf folder, then repack the tpfbhd folder.



3. A thing to know about the button prompts

Some people have issues with button prompts, this is due to the SB_KG.dds file residing in common.tpf.dcx.
For this reason I choose to put a different layout version in the Miscellaneous section of the files tab,
so if you are having this problem you can fix it using that.



OTHER SUGGESTED MODS

Chroma Torrent - Black body, blue glow option.



CREDITS

ZLOHORT - He teached me a lot, check out his mods﻿ for Dark Souls 3 and Elden Ring
Lordcobra12 - Goth Ranni﻿, Goth Blaidd﻿, Goth Melina and the exclusive Goth Malenia (standalone Goth Malenia coming soon)
TheSinkingHole - Ranni - Sexy Empyrean Edition
Katalash - ModEngine2
sekirodubi - Yabber+
TKGP - UXM Selective Unpacker





MY OTHER MODS

Icon replace - Greatsword to Berserk's Dragonslayer
More visible map markers and waypoint beacons
Ranni Edition and Ranni Loading Screens
ERA Edition 2 - Elden Ring Artworks
ERA Edition - Elden Ring Artworks
Main Menu Replacements
Alternative Crosshair
ER Symbol shield
