https://www.nexusmods.com/eldenring/mods/1877?tab=description

Malenia Loading Screens
Endorsements
24
Unique DLs
588
Total DLs
785
Total views
8,430
Version
1.0
ADD MEDIA
TRACK
ENDORSE
VOTE
Download
VORTEX
MANUAL
Last updated
19 July 2022555PM
Original upload
19 July 2022541PM
Created by
NarberalGamma
Uploaded by
ZLOHORT
Virus scan
Some manually verified files
Tags for this mod
NUDITY
SEXYSKIMPY
SEXUALISED CONTENT
 TAG THIS MOD
DESCRIPTION
FILES 2
IMAGES 4
VIDEOS 0
POSTS 6
BUGS 0
LOGS
STATS
About this mod
You haven't downloaded this mod yet
Loading Screens Replacer. Mostly Malenia.

REPORT ABUSE
SHARE
Permissions and credits
To install via UXM by dropping the mod files into menuhi folder with overriding.

Or to install via ModEngine2 by unpacking the mod archive into mod folder.

The whole file that stores the textures for loading and item descriptions have 1.03 Gb.
My changes have 29 Mb but because of game file structure, they should be embedded into this huge package.

In the Optional Files I left an archive with only modified TPF files and below is a video guide about how to inject them without downloading the whole  mod. 
Here is that guide on GDrive
httpsdrive.google.comfiled1xZWv9baBaqrjIIaJPv1igFBzSPpx2PeGviewusp=sharing
At the end of the video you will have exactly the same files from Main Files of this mod. Install it as usual, like as you dowloaded them from this page.

For these steps you will need
UXM Selective Unpacker to decompress the game main files
and JKAndersonYabber to repack the bhdbdt files.
The Yabber recognizes only the 00_solo.tpfbhd file which is the header of the second big file. So repack only it like in the video.
Actually by achieving these steps you will become able to create you own UI replacers. Just drag&drop the .tpf files into Yabber and the file will unpack. Inside the unpacked folder you will find the .dds texture image.


Find some cool images on artstation, zerochan or danbooru.
Edit it by Photoshop with nvidia texture plug-in or in paintgimp if they support DDS editing.
And repack back the tpf folder, then repack the tpfbhd folder.
That's all.


Thanks to all authors of these great images.
Also thanks to XenonBerzerk for help and motivation.

For those who know the Photoshop or similar graphics editors - sorry for using the diffuse blend option for image frames, it is so primitive, but I wasn't sure if the modding method will work, that's why I used this blend option.
And now I don't want to edit all 24 images once again))

Here is a guide how to make this mod
httpsdrive.google.comfiled1Zp9CBEvNxoGX_Lhp3Hw5DdKPImats6l2viewusp=sharing